(Not to be confused with [[Old Ascension]] or the [[Cult of False Ascension]])

**New Ascension**, commonly known as Imperial Ascension or The Final Ascension, is the proclaimed official religion of the [[Celestial Imperium]] and the subsequent [[Celestial Preservation Committee]]. It is a mostly honorary religion that declares the Lord Ruler as a celestial being reincarnated into the ruler of the Imperium, a title and transformation He has obtained through the [[Ceremony of the High Light]] following the rise of the Imperium. New Ascension is the widely enforced religion of the [[Redfield|Redfields]], especially in regions still under the control of the [[Celestial Preservation Committee|Preservation Committee]], with the Holy-Light Temple and Gold-Light Temple being the two main sects of the religion. 

A common misconception of the religion is that the religion serves mostly to idolize the main ruling family of the [[Celestial Imperium]]. Although the core tenets of the religion states that the Royal Family is the human form of the metaphorical "Sun", a all-powerful celestial being that gives light, warmth, and strength to the world, it provides devout followers a chance to obtain their own "Illuminance", through the Path of Divinity. To obey and obediently honor and revere the power of light, and to dutifully use this gift the Imperial Family casts upon the world would advance one's soul along the Path of Divinity, so they may have a chance of Illumination towards the end of their lifetime.

##### **Tenets**
As mentioned before, the core tenets of the religion is of finding radiance and light in obedience. In the story of "Teir Nahir Veda", the spirit of the Sun blesses the world with light and resources, and commands the common people to prosper in his name with the resources he cast down. Now that the Imperial family, a mirror image of the same spirit of the Sun, is among the living world, his Celestial Imperium represents all the light and wealth the Sun has blessed the world with. To honor such wealth and power, one must work and harvest and craft in the name of his imperium, and share them with those closest to him, who are seen to be ones "favored" by the Sun.

