*Aur Thern* in Redallian

*Red Attunement,* or **Firelight**, is the fundamental Attunement for all **fire-based** manipulations. 
By channeling Aurin through a red filter, the light is bent to induce heat, either spontaneously or periodically. Thus, depending on what shape of crystal and quality of crystal is utilized, the resulting light attunement produces various powers: 

**Slow Attunement:** 
A more ambient/slow form of red attunement that is available to all red crystal attacks. The resulting move produces a slow rolling heat which served to increase the ambient temperature of the surrounding environment.

Slow attunement is the most easily controlled, low costing, and universal attunement to cast, however it’s effects are gradual and slow acting in most cases. Powering up Slow Attunement to create large temperature differentials or combat cold magic is caused by scaling up ambient slow attunement massively. The resulting “heat aura” can be intense, and uncomfortable to the caster, though the resulting temperature difference is substantial. Powered up slow Attunement also costs substantial Aurin, and a strong source of light to drive such magic, and can be unstable if used for a long time. 



**Acute Attunement:**
Acute Attunement is is caused when heat generated by attuning light is focused at a specific point. Often times, this is used to enchant weapons or superheat a distant point. Acute attunement requires the heat of a large area, as well as the power of light to condense all the heat to a small point. 

However, to be used effectively, those who study Acute Attunement must practice great concentration to be able to force light into small points of space. Cost for acute attunement also scales rapidly to the amount of heat and light manipulated, which would make such a power not very effective when used to target large affected areas. More manipulated forces would also make the spell more unstable and hard to control.

A good analogy to Acute Attunement in our OTL world is perhaps the invention of lasers, though of course, since Light Theory exists in Arybin, there's no need for such inventions.

**Charge Attunement:**
Charge Attunement is the act of conjuring a fixed source of fire in midair. It works by igniting light using Aurin and storing it in a self contained region. The resulting heat and fire builds up as a flame source, which can be cast either as a fireball or, if built to substantial size, can be cast as a wall of fire. As Charge attunement builds up, it becomes harder and more effort to maintain the heat and plasma at the particular point. Charge attunement also gets more and more chaotic the more sustained it is, and charge attuners must learn control as much as utility when learning this attunement.  

**Order Attunement:**
Order Attunement is most often called “fire-bending”, which is the act of controlling fire. When cast, nearby flame sources can be “siphoned off”, their heat sources displaced and repurposed to fit the needs of the caster. Due to the flammable chaotic nature of flames, firebending requires substantial light and Aurin, which is proportional to the amount of flames and displacement the caster is performing. 

#### **MODIFIERS TO RED ATTUNEMENT**
Reignition Enchant: Reignition is the act of extracting a past flame from a burned down flame source. Often regarded as an efficiency modifier, the caster is able to condense residual heat from coal or ash, and use it to cast or control fire at a lower Aurin and light cost. Most reignition users often carry a fuel source with them, either ash or coal, which they can draw from if necessary.

